if they risin was a kitchen utensil I
think it would be a cheese grater a
blender cork screw dead rising 3 is pour
sand box filled with zombies build
weapons you versus afford of enemies on
xbox one we've been able to create a
huge world it's larger than both our
previous games combined multiple times
over there's always a landmark govan
there's always a very recognizable
skyline fully streaming no load times no
waiting a true open well game our new
generation a zombies are smarter and way
more deadly oh my god it's like it knows
something about when it was alive cop
zombie prisoner zombies we got football
players all news from the local high
school just going to take you right to
the ground
every zombie is a snowflake couple
things that we did with Kinect that
actually really tie into the core
gameplay experience is one is with audio
you can actually I'll just distract him
but just yelling out in the room it's
actually pretty funny looking for a
snake you know we have so much more
horsepower here let's actually invest
and how they can see in here and
actually knew some of this really cool
real-time lighting as some of the things
that they can see as well you can use
Flair's headlights you can set traps in
the environment dead rising 3 is all
about improvisational gameplay do what
you want and play how you want or you
can put on a banana hammock and
decapitate zombies online with your
buddy if you want you know get attacked
by a zombie and you know she just won't
go for a moment you're actually seeing
like teeth and tongue and little
fingernail you slice them up cut them up
chop their arms off chop their heads off
makes you think twice before you kill it
or perhaps it doesn't
big world filled with zombies you gotta
run around and scavenge client supplies
fight back this is ready begun dude an
explosive there's too many zombies
anything and everything is a weapon you
don't have to stop for anything pick
everything up on the run you can combine
weapons create new combinations when you
grab this sledge saw and you kind of
line up to it zombie and just start
slicing you're putting them down the
center it's like see the R is before he
just starts splitting apart it's amazing
you